docs(readme): add ChatGPTUI link (#708)
charmbracelet/bubbletea: README.md

* [brows](https://github.com/rubysolo/brows): a GitHub release browser
* [Canard](https://github.com/mrusme/canard): an RSS client
* [charm](https://github.com/charmbracelet/charm): the official Charm user account manager

> * [ChatGPTUI](https://github.com/dwisiswant0/chatgptui): ChatGPT with Textual User Interface (TUI) mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ChatGPTUI](https://github.com/dwisiswant0/chatgptui): a TUI for ChatGPT
```
